Hi Carlos,

Thanks for the reply and info. Your questions are great!

I will think more about them in the next few days, but wanted to get
back to you with a reply.

Yes. I have some issues/concerns with pop ups and venues in general,
e.g. markets, etc.

I have been asked to participate in shows/pop ups with mixed results in
the past, hence concerns.

My work is heavy to lug around, and not priced so high in general, so
price of being a vendor is a concern for me.

I have agreed in past to do pop ups, when person organizing was so gung
ho, so solicitous, saying would do tons

of marketing, etc etc etc. gave it a try, but very very poor results.
Hard to know. Always like to give venues / shows

a try, since one never knows…..and if people take my cards and
eventually buy…..

But above isn’t always the case.

It is hard for me to put out so much time, energy, etc, and not feel a
payback.

Ideally, I would want to see some returns, some sales, new customers, in
addition to the oft nice comments.

It’s hard for me to lose money, and not earn some, not get my work seen,
enjoyed, and bought, with a greater following.

Those are things I am aiming for with any venue, work to be seen,
bought, so I can make new work, and not lose money.

I can’t expend a lot of money on markets at the moment, mostly cause the
return probably doesn’t payback.

I know there are no guarantees, so often I try something once and see…..
if it is affordable and makes enough sense.

Hard to know who clientele is, but would be helpful to know, and
hopefully know there are serious shoppers in addition to browsers.

Brick and mortar is great, a place people can see my work live and up
close.

Better if there is no hefty commission taken ( I have some work being
shown in a Westchester gallery, but they take 50 percent, and while

they raved and raved about my work, and I borrowed a car to drive a
couple shelves worth of work up there, they havent sold much at all.

Hard to know. ) So Brick and Mortar great, but I if I have to pay daily
“rent” and my pieces aren’t selling, would be very hard for me

to keep that going unfortunately.

Getting a following would be great, and then people could look for more
of my work online.

With 2 feet by 2 feet, doesn’t give me much space to showcase more than
a handful of items.

So hopefully people would want to see more, and look online, and contact
me.

I’ll think more, and can answer any questions,

hope this helps,

more soon,

thanks,

Vicki
